right I love you and I'm gonna play with
you all the time how can you let him
talk to your crotch like that he's
talking to the baby oh okay
okay cuz when he said I can't wait to
hear your first words I thought there's
a trick
I gotta go you guys I'll see you later
okay
Beatrice um can you do me a favor I was
talking to my sister and she knows you
work at Ralph Lauren well forget it no
way I'm not sending any more Ralph
Lauren clothes to prison it is a waste
my youngest sister Dina she's really
interested in fashion and she wants to
talk to someone successful to you know
give her some advice yes I could talk to
one of my supervisor she wants to talk
to you
really oh my god
I'm successful okay so what you mean yes
I'd love to
have her come by the office great thanks
you're gonna love her so much I know you
she's the smartest of all the Tribbiani
children yeah you know the SATs yeah she
took them there she is future fashion
superstar Joey of hardly is my little
sister Dina thanks so much for meeting
with me
Joey's told me so much about you this is
so exciting for her well I'll let you
two fash just skip down the business
all right Dina well let's talk about the
different areas of fashion that you
could get involved in let's see there's
design but you may need a whole other
degree for that there's there's sales
which is great because you get to travel
I don't care about fashion I'm pregnant
and I know you want to see you've got to
help me
and there's marketing I can't tell him
it's gonna be okay
he has been incredibly supportive of me
and if he gets a little upset that's
what the meatball sub is for hey it's my
fashion girls what's wrong hey why don't
you sit down
Dina has something that she wants to
tell you what what's going on is it mom
is she sick is it dad's heart is that a
sandwich is that a sandwich Joey there's
something that you should know Dina I'm
pregnant
what now give me the sandwich obviously
this is a mistake you can't be pregnant
because you have to have sex to get
pregnant Joe I tried to wait until I was
25 like you did what
can't believe this
you're the good one you went to college
both years who did the steel Bobby Corso
but he's a real nice guy I like him a
lot
he's real funny you got pregnant for
funny Deena if he's funny
laughs I'll be back in a little while
you stay here God can't look at you
right now
[Applause]